Excellent communication skills – written, verbal, presentation and interpersonal	0	0	0
Acquires data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems	0	0	0
Experience in creating impactful data visualizations. Is an active participant in meet-ups / groups related to: Data Analytics, Hadoop, Cloud Computing, Data Visualization, Data Mining, MapReduce, Machine Learning, High Scalability Computing, Predictive Analytics	0	0	0
You will also be given the opportunity to work in cross-functional teams that include key internal and external partners across the business.	0	0	0
They must have strong experience using a variety of Data mining and Data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations	0	0	0
Flexible with ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment successfully handling multiple tasks	1	1	1
If you are excited about making history at a top biotechnology company with top talent, top culture and top benefits, Amgen is interested in partnering with you.	0	0	0
have a proven testing background with experience in web application development	0	0	0
You will apply your analytics, artificial intelligence, machine learning, and cloud technologies knowledge to create foundations for the next generation of smart and cloud connected platform and services	0	0	0
Work in a fun, dynamic environment that has innovation at its core	1	1	1
Meet rigorous security and information assurance requirements for collection, storage, and management. Write code that will effectively extract from multiple sources and use techniques to sort, visualize, and analyze very large datasets	0	0	0
Versatile - Writing and content creation is your core competency, but your belt has a number of other tools you can contribute.	1	1	1
A good degree is welcome, but not essential. We want to see self starters who are able to learn on the job	0	0	0
You are passionate about generating hypotheses for business and product problems	0	0	0
Your primary responsibility will be to develop, differentiate, and create market demand for Bluebridge mobile solutions.	0	0	0
Ability to work in a highly dynamic, multicultural and demanding team	1	1	1
Ability to communicate the results in a clear and effective manner with product and leadership teams to influence the overall strategy of the product.	0	0	0
You should be an expert at designing and implementing solutions that use a range of data science methodologies to automate data analysis or to solve complex business problems.	0	0	0
The ideal candidate will be a quick learner, a self-starter, have good communication and time management skills, and work well in both independently and in a team environment	1	1	1
Sitting for long periods of time	1	1	1
You will also be involved in our efforts to develop and mature a scalable program to test and learn more about our customer base	0	0	0
Review deliverables for accuracy and quality	0	0	0
My client is a rapidly growing start up that is looking for an energetic Data Scientist that will fit in seamlessly into their company culture.	1	1	1
Participate in data architecture decisions and assist in the implementation of models/algorithms in production systems.	0	0	0
This Data Scientist will work with a team that builds cutting-edge solutions to customers' varying business problems	0	0	0
Manage several accounts independently with a positive and proactive attitude	0	0	0
Recognizing and escalating more difficult problems	0	0	0
Excellent written and communication skills.	0	0	0
The ability to work well in a demanding, team-centric environment	1	1	1
We're an ambitious, smart, and open-minded group.	0	0	0
Do you want to build your brand by working for a leading consulting firm that drives eminence in the marketplace?	0	0	0
challenge the status quo, enjoy complex challenges, utilize a “Big Thinking” approach, and relentlessly seek creative solutions to help Grainger’s customers keep their operations running and their people safe.	1	0	1
Ability to research a topic in depth efficiently and independently	0	0	0
We are searching for an experienced data scientist to join one of the fastest growing startups in history.	0	0	0
If you are interested in a position at an exciting company, please submit a copy of your resume today	0	0	0
Are you interested in a learning culture that is forward-leaning regarding training, education, and professional development?	0	0	0
Effective interpersonal skills necessary to interact with all levels of personnel.	0	0	0
To look ahead to the changing landscape and develop new and innovative ways to serve our customers.	1	1	1
"Your learning curve needs to be really high and you need to have the habit of learning new things (even things that may seem of no importance), to be open to new ideas and be lean &amp; agile, to be able to let go and not get attached on things you worked really hard to achieve, and in general be constantly excited by change, new challenges and the ""impossible situations"" where for the first few hours/weeks there doesn't be to be a solution to a problem."	1	1	1
Working as an effective team member with the Virteva team, partners and internal staff.	0	0	0
Demonstrated leadership and self-direction.	0	0	0
The ideal Data Scientist will possess excellent communication skills as well as being extremely technical working writing code, solving complex problems and working in a cutting-edge cloud-based platform.	1	0	0
A natural flair for problem solving and an entrepreneurial approach to work	0	0	0
Is an independent thinker, able to work autonomously, capable of taking on loosely defined problems and translating complex thinking into practical application for diverse audiences	1	0	0
Able to work on highly complex issues without supervision. Self-starter with excellent communications skills. Demonstrated ability for self-directed learning.	1	1	1
During planning, you are able to analyze data on what’s working and what’s not; able to drive toward an optimal mix of marketing programs to maximize velocity and quality of leads while providing reporting visibility on a regular basis	0	0	0
Able to work independently on modules and complete tasks with high quality, but unafraid to seek out suggestions from other team members	0	0	0
They have dynamic personality which works well with all personality types and thrive for challenges to design the next “best” product.	1	1	1
You will need to work effectively as a member of an operating team, which means good communication and interpersonal skills are essential.	1	1	1
And would you have a genuine interest in researching this further?	0	0	0
Support the introduction and advancement of decision science throughout our contact center engagement	0	0	0
Strong self-starter who is capable of working both independently and in a team environment	0	0	0
Self-starter with ability to work independently or as part of a team	0	0	0
Quick learner and adaptable to learn new processes, concepts, and skills	1	1	1
Quick learner, team player, pro-active self-starter with a can-do attitude	1	1	1
Availability to work additional hours if needed	0	0	0
The projects that our teams work on are driven from the ground up – we look for entrepreneurial individuals that want to take ownership over their own agenda and thrive in a collaborative team environment.	0	0	0
You will be expected to analyze model results and work with domain experts, engineers and other data scientists on your team to develop and implement improvements	0	0	0
This position will report to the UMMS Vice President for Enterprise Data and Analytics (ED&A)	0	0	0
Be on a motivated team with cool people who get stuff done	1	1	1
Open minded and Innovative Environment	1	1	1
Our Data Scientists ensure we keep up without our organizers knowing even we’re there by designing low profile, high precision solutions to the ever-changing landscape of threats.	0	0	0
Hungry to learn and perfect new tricks	0	0	0
Comfortable working in a fast paced, highly collaborative, dynamic work environment	1	1	1
Ability to solve problems independently and proactively with minimum direct supervision	0	0	0
A minimum of 3+ years of industry experience working in a similar role.	1	0	0
Drive new work sold and maintain a high level of customer satisfaction.	0	0	0
You will be part of a team that is leading the next wave of data analytics at a whole new scale	0	0	0
Fast Learner who can contribute solutions not just take solutions.	1	1	1
Minimum 5 years hands-on experience in mathematical/statistical model buildings.	0	0	0
prepare the data for analysis Describe data using qualitative and quantitative aggregation/summarization and build tools (static reports, interactive dashboards, web applications) that allow clients to easily view and understand important patterns and trends in the data	0	0	0
Most of the products a startup team develops will get thrown away very quickly and replaced by newer, better ones, others will be modified, and maybe the entire startup will pivot to an entirely new direction at some point in its life cycle	0	0	0
Generate and test hypotheses and analyze and interpret the results of product experiments	0	0	0
Aggressive and Competitive - You get excited by pursuing audacious goals and being the best in your competitive space.	1	1	1
This is a 3 months contract position with my client here in the Bay area	0	0	0
Ideal candidate has a “can do” attitude	0	0	0
Outstanding work ethic	0	0	0
Level of hire will be based on years of relevant experience. Responsibilities include: Design analytic solutions for our industry verticals and cross-enterprise product research	0	0	0
Top candidates will be persistent and have excellent analytical and problem-solving skills.	0	0	0
Strong attention to detail	1	1	1
You want to market best-of-breed, world-class mobile products with a team of passionate, intelligent and committed team members	0	0	0
Flexible and responsive; Able to perform in a fast paced, dynamic work environment and meet aggressive deadlines	1	1	1
You thrive in an ever-changing, fast-paced environment and constantly thrive to master your craft.	1	1	1
A Pioneer in the Fintech, Intralinks is a 22 years old company.	0	0	0
We release new products and features often, so there will be many changes to make	0	0	0
Work with Best in Class open source and visual tools, along with the most flexible and scalable deployment options.	0	0	0
Excellent written and verbal communication skills	0	0	0
We’re on the hunt for talented, energetic individuals who’re looking to gain experience, and pick some new tricks from a fast paced start up.	1	1	1
4 years' experience in creating machine learning pipelines to derive insights from data	1	0	1
You are the new breed of Marketer; you are data-driven and your strengths in creativity come from developing and optimizing programs that get heard by the customer amidst the noise.	1	1	1
Proven ability to craft and track complete solutions to real world problems using statistical methods	0	0	0
By specializing solely in placing niche IT candidates in the market I have built relationships with most of the key employers in North America and have an unrivalled understanding of where the best opportunities and Microsoft jobs are	0	0	0
Significant experience with demonstrated expertise in the following technical languages, concepts, or constructs and in one or more of the following advanced areas: high performance computing, scientific data analysis, statistical analysis, knowledge discovery, computer security, systems programming, large-scale data management or big data technologies.	0	0	0
Engage other developers frequently to share relevant knowledge, opinions, and recommendations, working to fulfill deliverables as a team.	0	0	0
Confident, energetic self-starter,	1	1	1
Excellent understanding of machine learning and statistics techniques and algorithms such as supervised classification, unsupervised clustering, and time series analysis, etc.	0	0	0
You will need to be diligent and precise, ensuring tasks are completed effectively, accurately and in a timely manner.	0	0	0
Ability to multitask on a variety of projects with diverse needs	1	1	1
Availability to work periodic 24/7 on-call support as required by the team’s rotation schedule	1	1	1
The ideal candidate for this position is collaborative, analytical, creative, and able to travel	1	1	1
Ability to quickly adapt to new technologies, tools and techniques	1	1	1
Creatively managing all web pages related to that category	1	1	1
Startups are teams of excellent people that develop products to solve a need or a pain of one or more customer segments with repeatable &amp; scalable business models.	0	0	0
Passionate about success and contributing to the success of a high-growth tech company	0	0	0
You want to understand the big picture, to be held accountable and make a meaningful contribution with your work	0	0	0
"We’re recruiting our ""foundation"" marketing team to help us grow more quickly and take advantage of a massive market opportunity"	0	0	0
Recommend required resources to managers	0	0	0
Our office in Buffalo, NY is looking for a junior- to mid-level R&D Engineer/Data Scientist to join the team.	1	1	1
we are looking to add talented, passionate, and friendly members to our dynamic team based in SoHo.	1	1	1
If interested call Mike @ 813-437-6882 and email your CV to mgreco@jeffersonfrank.com	0	0	0
Your effectiveness will be evaluated by your results: the ability to deliver Marketing Qualified Leads and Marketing-Sourced/Influenced Revenue.	0	0	0
Strong data analysis and analytical skills	0	0	0
If you are a Data Scientist with 3+ years of experience modeling, analyzing large data-sets and proficient with Python, SQL, and R, please read on!	0	0	0
Our workforce is committed to the important service we provide to over one million patients each month. We always strive for excellence and have a strong desire to have involvement with the advances in medicine and the role laboratory services plays within each patient’s life.	0	0	0
Technical developer skills required include, but are not limited to: Python, R, Java, JavaScript, AngularJS, .NET, Hadoop-related and Apache related technologies	0	0	0
Knowledge of data mining, machine learning, data visualization and statistical modeling	0	0	0
you must be a really fast learner and pick up new technologies really fast	1	1	1
Build and benchmark key metrics and analysis pipelines to help drive key business decisions and improve the quality of user facing products.	0	0	0
Must be flexible and have the ability to handle many projects at one time	1	1	1
Like a start-up, this role offers an ambitious challenge in a fast-paced environment	0	1	1
Enthusiastic and digital/tech savvy<	1	1	1
Highly collaborative, team-player attitude	0	0	0
The Enterprise Data Scientist I will be a valuable part of the Data Science team who provide statistical analysis, modeling, and vis ualization services for all lines of business and all shared service functions at Farmers Insurance Group. The Data Scientist 1 will work on end to end solutions as part of a team.	0	0	0
Using inferential statistics to learn about the causal relations between variables in a dataset, including randomized field evaluations. Automating data pulls, manipulations, and other rote activities to enable efficient lab and agency operations.	0	0	0
A detail-oriented, organized person with outstanding communication skills at macro and micro levels	0	0	0
Work independently to manage multiple projects at once while ensuring deadlines are met and data output is accurate and appropriate for the business.	0	0	0
Expertise and creativity in visualizing, analyzing, and communicating insights from data.	1	0	0
This is an exciting opportunity for those with strong academic and professional background in information, data, mathematics, artificial intelligence, etc. to continue your career as a Senior Data Scientist, which is now one of the hottest jobs on the market.	0	0	0
ARUP proudly hires top talent to create a work environment of diversity, professional growth and continuous development.	0	0	0
Experience driving resources, approach, and tactical operations for projects and initiatives involving own departmental area	0	0	0
In close collaboration with our internal scientists and software developers, you will help further understanding of neurodegenerative and neuropsychiatric diseases and accelerate basic neuroscience research by developing robust image processing and statistical analysis tools for calcium imaging data	0	0	0
Service-oriented, flexible, positive team player, capable of interacting and problem solving with a multidisciplinary team	1	1	1
As a data scientist, you will be involved in experimental design and analysis of new technology applications	0	0	0
You geek out on analytics, love identifying trends, and can leverage Excel to do it efficiently and accurately.	0	0	0
Keen problem solver	0	0	0
We are looking for team players who are proactive and are willing to do “whatever it takes” to get the job done	0	0	0
You will join a small world-wide team of experienced Data Scientists chartered to lead the analytic journey for complex customer programs, deliver using the latest technology, and create an effective and collaborative community of Data Scientists in Microsoft.	1	1	1
Ability to think both strategically and executionally. You're equally comfortable talking with users as you are presenting to Senior Vice Presidents	0	0	0
Documenting customer impact, resolution steps, and appropriate priority in accordance with policy and customer requirements.	0	0	0
Develop data analytics models and tools to creatively process, analyze, and present data to meet intelligence requirements for the Enterprise	1	0	0
Develop and foster a stellar rapport with current and potential clients	0	0	0
Do you want to be part of a team which is striving to grow and become the go-to place for startups who want equity-free funding?	0	0	0
Sit or stand for long periods of time.	1	1	1
Bring a combination of mathematical rigor and innovative algorithm design to create recipes that extract relevant insights from billions of rows of data to effectively & efficiently improve health outcomes.	1	1	1
This person will act as a liaison between the client success and sales teams within Connectivity	0	0	0
Experience mentoring and building a technical team	0	0	0
My client is a leader in the Manufacturing vertical and has operations in multiple states across the US.	0	0	0
Ability to manage multiple projects and recommend and/or implement effective solutions	1	1	1
Previous experience creating and implementing a marketing strategy in a high-growth SaaS or software/technology company.	0	0	0
You will work in a dynamic, multidisciplinary team of independent/entrepreneurial computer scientists and engineers who research, develop, and integrate state-of-the-art algorithms, software, hardware, and computer systems solutions to challenging research and development problems.	1	1	1
anaging general Desktop and Server information technology. This includes, but is not limited to: Email (Exchange, others), Directory Services (AD), Windows, Linux, Citrix, Vmware, mobile devices, e-mail (Exchange/Office 365), and Windows Server applications.	0	0	0
If you’re tech savvy with a responsive “can do” attitude, pay close attention to detail and can demonstrate how you’re so much more than just ‘a sales guy’, we’d like to hear from you!	1	1	1
Compile regular reports on specific genres or industry trends via infographics, visuals, and research synthesis	0	0	0
You're extremely confident with Google Docs, spreadsheets and budgets.	0	0	0
And we expect even more in terms of supporting each other to make that happen.	0	0	0
Ability to present information regarding insights/project status/new concepts to senior leadership.	0	0	0
You will make a difference by leading and innovating new AI based systems and services that power our financial advice business	1	1	1
You will team up with business stakeholders to prioritize innovation ideas and work with other data scientists to develop and deliver breakthrough solutions	1	1	1
Perform project tasks independently, and may direct the efforts of others	0	0	0
5+ years of professional experience leveraging large sets of structured and unstructured data to develop tactical and strategic insights	0	0	0
This is a great opportunity to help shape Amgen's rapidly evolving Data Science capabilities in the golden age of biotechnology and no prior biotechnology experience is required!	1	0	0
Able to effectively prospect, qualify and solution sell to the right decision makers	0	0	0
Understand complex concepts	1	1	1
Strong communication and data presentation skills; Ability to communicate with data-driven stories	0	0	0
Have a meaningful impact on the company's future and participate in rewards accordingly	0	0	0
Recommend project timelines to managers Drive on-time delivery and identify and escalate risks to managers	0	0	0
3-8 years of overall analytics experience, can be inclusive of post graduate work	1	1	1
If you are the best at what you do, you like solving interesting problems, and you are looking for like-minded people dedicated to having a major impact on the world, we are eager to talk with you.	0	0	0
Able to perform under pressure and deliver results in a demanding and fast-paced environment that requires fresh thinking and innovation	1	1	1
You have the proven ability to initiate projects and drive them to completion. You are highly analytical and enjoy breaking down large problems into smaller solvable components. You have excellent communication and storytelling skills.	0	0	0
We’re an ambitious London-based startup, founded to redefine how high quality recommendations are made.	0	0	0
Experience with image processing, calcium imaging experience a big plus	0	0	0
We are looking for an energetic, efficient and enthusiastic Newly Qualified Accountant to join our in-house Operations team.	1	1	1
The team works closely with subject matter experts in investment methodology and economic theory	0	0	0
Establish advanced analysis and data visualization methodologies, models, and tools to derive intelligence outcomes and impacts	0	0	0
Excellent attention to detail and problem solving skills. Self-motivated and displays initiative. Adaptable to changing priorities, excels in fast-paced environment.	1	1	1
Great communication skills: You can communicate complex ideas, clearly highlighting your approach and progress Innovation focus.	1	1	1
We need an ambitious, flexible qualified accountant (ACA, ACCA or CIMA).	1	1	1
Fast learner and self-initiative personality.	1	1	1
Impact Driven - You love seeing the results of work in the numbers.	0	0	0
Strong media contacts and excellent writing skills	0	0	0
The Data Scientist uses expertise in programming databases modeling statistics and visualization to analyze data at scale	0	0	0
Strong interpersonal, organizational, and multi-tasking skills.	1	1	1
In addition, you will coach, mentor, and guide junior data scientists to help them excel and advance their career development	0	0	0
Outgoing and confidence to speak with people	0	0	0
Great presentation skills to communicate our findings and insights to both internal and client teams.	0	0	0
The ideal candidate will drive positive change that will impact every person within the organization, and will be a data storyteller with a technical background that can produce a sense of excitement and engagement from leadership regarding the insights being provided by analytics.	1	1	1
You will use the latest technology to be a liaison between a fleet of couriers, our clients and the delivery of time sensitive shipments	0	0	0
Ability to work in a team environment, not only in an isolated modeling environment. This team work is necessary to develop an understanding of the data, the capabilities needed, and the associated analysis/modeling that is required.	0	0	0
You distill useful, relevant and actionable insights from large pools of qualitative data and observations	0	0	0
We love to work hard and play hard too.	0	0	0
Strong business and data analysis skills, professional attitude, focusing on process and quality improvements.	0	0	0
Friendly demeanor with tech savvy customers	1	1	1
Ability to thrive in an environment with big challenges, broad impact, and quick turnaround times	1	1	1
Experience of working within a start-up organisation would be useful, however if you have an energetic and delivery focused character you will fit right in	1	1	1
Modeling the dynamics of the fast moving market that we operate in and understanding our impact on it	0	0	0
Fluent in Python programming including common data science tools such as Jupyter notebooks, scikit-learn, pandas, and matplotlib Fluent in SQL and ability to write queries for large datasets	0	0	0
You will primarily be responsible for leveraging statistical analysis to design and integrate models to support or automate decision making throughout the business, including but not limited to acquisition, customer care, customer experience, fraud detection, revenue forecasting, and marketing	0	0	0
>Excellent organizational skills to work independently and manage projects	0	0	0
The Data Scientist must write clean performant reusable code to perform repeatable analyses and to train and deploy models to multiple environments	0	0	0
Highly motivated, competitive and ambitious to drive sales and revenue for the company.	1	1	1
Positive approach and enjoy being part of a dynamic and passionate team	1	1	1
ensure efficient operation of the company across all key verticals, create sub-teams and anticipate bottlenecks, contribute to the hiring and training of new employees.	0	0	0
You will help our team to understand the needs of our members, analyze how our users engage with our products, and design and evaluate experiments to test new product experiences.	0	0	0
Support attainment of annual goals for client satisfaction Deliver your own solutions while collaborating on other projects	0	0	0
Must be a highly-motivated self-starter and self-directed learner with a creative mind, high attention to detail and a solution-oriented outlook	1	1	1
Great attitude and work ethic	0	0	0
Solve complex data problems and deliver the insight that helps to define our strategy and enable our organisation to reach our patients faster	0	0	0
Could you identify relevant opportunities to add to the current GrantTree offering so we can get more startups to the next level?	0	0	0
Experience on developing hypotheses and prototypes and testing them with careful experiments	0	0	0
Design tools to evaluate, monitor and optimize data	0	0	0
You are excited to work in a fast moving, rapidly growing and changing startup environment where your contributions have an impact the overall success of the company	1	1	1
Top candidates will be persistent and have excellent analytical and problem-solving skills	0	0	0
You will be a lead on projects and perform technical analysis providing data and trend-based insights to customers.	0	0	0
We are looking for a quick learner who will assist in the Sales, Business Development and Marketing departments.	1	1	1
Our Vision is a Connected Community of Health that spans continents and borders.	0	0	0
Ability to communicate both verbally and written with customers and client personnel	0	0	0
A couple years of experience (full time or internships) in content marketing	0	0	0
Work individually and as a team member to ensure new capabilities are realized and stable in production systems.	0	0	0
Team members in a startup like Layerise must understand that there are no role limitations &amp; no concrete job descriptions as one might expect to find in large(r) companies.	0	0	0
Candidate needs strong Adobe Illustrator skills or be a real fast learner.	1	1	1
Sr. Data Scientists play a meaningful role in supporting Grainger’s strategy by using your machine learning and statistical expertise to support initiatives that add business value and drive bottom-line growth. You will deliver high-quality data driven insights that tell the story and drive critical decision making.	0	0	0
You will work with leads, analysts and data producers/consumers to understand requirements, develop technical solutions and ensure the reliability and performance of the data solutions.	0	0	0
Knowledge of UNIX fundamentals, and some Linux internals	0	0	0
Ability to compellingly and clearly present ideas and solutions	0	0	0
This includes how data is managed, with a focus on improvement of how data is sourced across multiple upstream lines of business and managed within the Wholesale Credit data infrastructure	0	0	0
Drives development of quantitative models necessary for evaluation and implementation of new strategies with business stakeholders	0	0	0
You can laugh with others and at yourself	0	0	0
Our Product & Technology organization nurtures a dynamic agile work environment full of talented individuals with a variety of thoughts, ideas and backgrounds working in small squads around a shared mission.	0	0	0
This role will require experience building, analyzing and maintaining supervised learning models, as well as familiarity with malware detection and binary analysis	0	0	0
Remain calm and professional in stressful situations	0	0	0
Produce innovative solutions driven by exploratory data analysis from complex and high-dimensional datasets	1	1	1
Curiosity, enthusiasm, positive attitude and passion to build. Willingness to learn and research new concepts.	1	1	1
Design, develop and program methods, processes, and systems to consolidate and analyze unstructured, diverse big data sources to generate actionable insights and solutions to optimize the customer experience across all touch points	0	0	0
Superior understanding of social media and an interest in online marketing	0	0	0
Our mission is to provide the best work experience in a digital workplace to all IBM employees and consequently positively impact on the way IBM deliver what our clients need.	0	0	0
s the Data Scientist, you will be responsible for developing analytical experiments and evaluating alternate models to support strategic initiatives and ongoing business processes.	0	0	0
A Voracious Learner - You are always consuming all types of information with a desire to push yourself to learn more.	1	1	1
Aggressively prospect, qualify, present, pitch and close potential clients generated through outbound calling, email initiatives, networking and attending appropriate industry events.	0	0	0
Bachelor’s degree in quantitative or related field	0	0	0
Comfortable working in a nimble &amp; dynamic environment, with the ability to craft flexible research plans.	1	1	1
Excellent communication skills (both written and verbal)	0	0	0
Provide solutions that require in-depth analysis of multiple factors and the creative use of established methods.	0	0	0
Data Scientists are responsible for developing a deep understanding of Uber's databases and their quirks as well as assembling, analyzing, and telling compelling stories with data.	0	0	0
Are you interested in working in an innovative and collaborative environment? If so, this is your chance to work in the first IBM area to become agile and to create meaningful solutions that impact our technology and business transformation for a new business era.	0	0	0
Confidentiality is of course guaranteed	0	0	0
Although we’re small in size, we’re big in personality, come armed with ideas and an ambition to succeed and you’ll fit right in.	0	0	0
Based in London as a member of the Development team, you will play a key role in continuing to develop a platform composed of over 60 AWS EC2 Linux instances that is already serving 100,000,000 requests per day just 6 weeks after we launched, with a plan to reach in excess of 1 billion ad requests per day by the end of 2014.	0	0	0
Exploring and visualizing data to understand the most relevant features that impact Grainger’s business. Conducting analysis of text data to understand the relationship between Grainger’s internal data, industries, and job functions.	0	0	0
Design technical solutions independently, participate as a member of a multidisciplinary team to analyze sponsor requirements and designs, and implement software and perform analyses to address these requirements.	0	0	0
They must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights	0	0	0
As an R&D Engineer/Data Scientist, you will work alongside experienced engineers and be part of our growing team, contributing to new and exciting projects throughout North America, and abroad.	0	0	0
Exceptional communication and organization skills, with the ability to initiate and drive projects proactively	0	0	0
Intense intellectual curiosity – strong desire to always be learning	1	1	1
We are seeking an experienced DevOps contractor for an initial 3 month project, with the possibility of extension, to be based in our London office.	0	0	0
Highly organised - making sure that you effort put in can be kept track of and made use of in the future.	0	0	0
8+ years recent hands-on experience working with data mining tools (i.e. R, Python, SAS or SPSS)	0	0	0
They are seeking to hire a full-time Senior Data Scientist to collaborate and work with their R&D, IT, Product Support, and Sales teams	0	0	0
Knowledge of computer graphics — the mathematics, algorithms and programming	0	0	0
Good communication skills both verbally and written and with strong analytical thinking & working experience in multi-vendor environment.	0	0	0
You can multitask to juggle competing phone, email and chat conversations while keeping your cool as a cucumber demeanor	1	1	1
Excellent presentation skills with the ability to succinctly present Esri’s value and services via phone/web conference, trade shows, etc.	0	0	0
Acknowledges that the scope of social media falls outside normal business hours and will require after hours contribution	0	0	1
As part of this role, you will be a creative thinker in how to solve problems, utilizing quantitative/technical skills along with business understanding to devise solutions. You’ll work within Wayfair’s big data technology infrastructure to dive deep into our data sets and develop innovative new capabilities.	1	1	1
They should be able to understand complex business problems, design a solution that can integrate multiple data sources and analyze data using a variety of common analytical tools and statistical techniques.	0	0	0
You are a hyper-intelligent Data Scientist with a robust background in a big data environment.	1	1	1
High level writing skills	0	0	0
You get your thrills solving system-level problems	0	0	0
Net2Source, Inc. is one of the fastest growing IT Consulting company across USA. N2S is headquartered at NJ, USA with its branch offices in Asia Pacific Region.	0	0	0
Work with and analyze large amounts of data. Interact with functional experts, at all levels, to understand the data challenges, user needs, and to identify new opportunities.	0	0	0
The candidate will be responsible for end-to-endmachine learning model design and development. Success inthis role requires a strong foundation in machine learning, coupled with experience in big data and distributed computation.	0	0	0
Should be confident, energetic self-starters, with strong moderation and communication skills.	1	1	1
the position’s responsibilities will develop considerably as the Indian business grows both physically and geographically, as well as in complexity.	0	0	0
Strong computer skills, proficient with standard software, Internet and web applications	0	0	0
Proficient with Access, Excel, Power BI, Tableau, SharePoint, SQL.	0	0	0
The Healthcare Data Scientist position will join our Advanced Analytics group at the University of Maryland Medical System (UMMS) in support of its strategic priority to become a data-driven and outcomes-oriented organization	0	0	0
Intense intellectual curiosity – strong desire to always be learning	1	1	1
An integral part of the Blippar team, you will have a terrific opportunity to flourish in a fast-paced creative and innovative environment while it undergoes a phase of significant growth.	1	1	1
At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day.	0	0	0
Skills needed to work successfully in a tech start up environment including collaboration, flexibility, problem-solving, and creativity	1	1	1
2+ years of programming experience in Java/Scala and/or Python	0	0	0
Versatile - Writing and content creation is your core competency, but your belt has a number of other tools you can contribute.	0	0	0
You embrace conflict of ideas and like to question the status quo	0	0	0
IBM CIO (Chief Information Office) Organization is looking for innovative talent who bring fresh new ideas to create a productive environment for all IBMers across the globe.	1	1	1
We are looking for a whip-smart, agile, Financial Accountant to join our growing finance team at Shapeways.	1	1	1
Outstanding planning and managerial skills, ability to build and motivate a team	0	0	0
As AI transforms business and customers embed more and more analytics into workflow, you will lead AI innovation.	0	0	0
Ability to test ideas and adapt methods quickly end to end from data extraction to implementation	1	1	1
We expect everyone to be vigilant for emerging problems and innovative solutions.	1	1	1
Expert knowledge of programming languages and software development practices.	0	0	0
Do you want to work on problems ranging from data mining to model building to process development?	0	0	0
Apply knowledge of statistics, machine learning, programming, data modeling, simulation, and advanced mathematics to recognize patterns, identify opportunities, and make valuable discoveries leading to prototype development and product improvement.	0	0	0
Hands-on experience performing software builds	0	0	0
You will use your Data Science expertise to identify business problems and to solve them by using various numerical techniques, algorithms, and models in Machine Learning, Statistics, Optimization, and Simulation.	0	0	0
As a Data Scientist you will be working with the largest repository of corporate, board-level business information in the world.	0	0	0
S/he will perform various activities related to managing general Desktop and Server information technology.	0	0	0
Play your part in changing an archaic industry for the better	0	0	0
Collaborate with operational teams to understand their work and processes and help build solutions to enhance these areas.	0	0	0
Have the ability to multi-task and work effectively under the pressure of multiple deadlines	0	0	0
Ability to select appropriate models given a well defined problem / data set	0	0	0
Creative thinker	1	1	1
Become a part of our growing, dynamic team and we'll help you build a career you can be proud of.	0	0	0
You’re a do-er and trouble-shooter.	0	0	0
We are looking for a Newly Qualfied Accounts with a strong degree and a commercial mindset.	0	0	0
Have the ability to thrive in an energetic, fast pace, high growth, entrepreneurial environment with minimal supervision.	1	1	1
Strong implementation experience with high-level languages, such as Python, R, Perl, Ruby, Scala or similar scripting languages	0	0	0
Here you will have the opportunity to invent and create data driven solutions that connect customers with their home and build mobile and web applications supporting end users and service providers.	0	0	0
SnapStream is searching for a creative, passionate, energetic and brilliant Web Developer to work with our Engineering and Marketing Teams to redesign and improve our website using the latest technologies and drive company growth by clearly and beautifully communicating the value proposition of our products via our websites.	1	1	1
The old-style Marketer was someone who was very creative, but not necessarily a process-driven or data-centric person.	1	1	1
Data-oriented personality	0	0	0
Onboard, all professional users in the territory;perform in-person orientations for large growers.	0	0	0
Ability to thrive in a dynamic environment	1	1	1
Taboola is the world's leading content discovery platform, serving 360B recommendations to over 1B unique visitors each month on the web's most innovative publisher sites, including NBC, USA Today, The Weather Channel, Tribune and Fox Sports.	0	0	0
Work with sales to ensure the onboarding of a new client is timely and seamless	0	0	0
Content creation – help with writing blog posts and marketing materials; curating lists of great Pearlshare experiences	0	0	0
In the past you have been part of a startup or corporate innovation team working in fast-moving environments.	1	1	1
ICYMI: We were named to the 2017 Best and Brightest Company in the US of A and in Metro Detroit's 2017 Best and Brightest Company list	1	1	1
We deal with both Partners & End Users throughout North America	0	0	0
Work in a fun, dynamic environment that has innovation at its core	1	1	1
Experienced in Linux, specifically CentOS and Amazon Linux	0	0	0
Verisk Innovative Analytics is looking for a bright, energetic analytic scientist/data scientist.	1	1	1
The purpose of the role is simple and elegant - to make sure everyone who contacts GrantTree has a great experience, and much like the swan adage, a lot needs to be going on underneath to make this happen.	0	0	0
An absolute winning mentality	1	1	1
2 years’ industry experience	0	1	1
Ideally you are not only fluent in the language of data but are also an adept written and verbal communicator. You should have the ability to motivate teams and get through to external parties to help them understand the nuances of our arguments.	0	0	0
You will also engage in high-throughput cloud processing of neural data with our C++/Python stack	0	0	0
You will work with an experienced and motivated operations team, in a fast paced creative enviroment with projects accross the globe and assist with our rapid global expansion.	1	1	1
10 years of hands-on experience in delivering solutions in at least two of the following: data science, data modeling, data integration and business intelligence	0	0	0
5-7 Years’ work experience overall and is eager to do things differently and look for new ways to do things.	1	1	1
Produce innovative solutions driven by exploratory data analysis from complex and high-dimensional datasets.	1	1	1
You’ll leverage our in house decisioning platform to quickly test, improve, ship, and track models.	0	0	0
Share knowledge outwards to the teams and company as a whole	0	0	0
We’re the fastest-growing transportation company on the Fortune 500 list and we’re just getting started.	0	0	0
Good sales and marketing sense, creative, resourceful, highly-motivated and energetic	1	1	1
Must demonstrate the ability to work in diverse, cross-functional teams	0	0	0
Perform other duties as assigned	0	0	0
Experience in Scripting and Automation languages, Cloud Watch and Elastic Map Reduce would be an advantage but not essential.	0	0	0
Ability to prioritize and meet deadlines	0	0	0
Taking initial telephone inquiries and troubleshooting relatively simple hardware, software, or network problems.	0	0	0
You’ll make sure the right needle gets pulled out of the right haystack every time by developing high precision fraud and spam detection algorithm.	0	0	0
You are also expected to conduct deep-dive analysis on historical data and provide forward-looking insights and recommendations for the business with evidence-based understanding of customer behavior and the business	0	0	0
The ability to work as part of a team, give and receive feedback, and communicate clearly is critical	0	0	0
Understanding of software engineering best practices, object oriented design, and design patterns such as MVC	0	0	0
You must be comfortable with ambiguity while working in a fast-paced dynamic environment	1	1	1
Our Mission is to be the most trusted provider of innovative solutions that empower all stakeholders across the healthcare continuum to deliver world-class outcomes.	0	0	0
Good analytical, data analysis, presentation and problem-solving skills.	0	0	0
Manages own personal and professional development; seeks opportunities for professional growth and expansion of consulting skills and experiences	0	0	0
The core responsibilities of the role will be managing the companies accounts, working with the production team on pricing and job costing, and working with the media team to manage media billings and payments.	0	0	0
Flexibility is important to this role as our work is dynamic.	0	0	0
We are looking for individuals who want to contribute to ARUP's culture of accountability, integrity, service, and excellence. Consider joining our dynamic team.	1	1	1
And you’ll collaborate closely with our dedicated engineering team to make sure your solution makes it from the lab to the field exactly the way you envisioned.	0	0	0
We’re looking for an accountant with a couple of years experience that wants to be part of a dynamic growing business.	0	0	0
You are sensitive to the urgency of business delivery and considerate of different needs for different types of clients	0	0	0
Crest Financial is a fun, energetic, successful, established finance, and marketing company that is rapidly growing located in Draper, Utah.	0	0	0
Active Eventbrite user with a passion for live events	0	0	0
If you have a variety of skills including statistics, programming, and communication then think about applying to be a senior data scientist today!	0	0	0
Passionate about technology and design	0	0	0
Experience in optimizing content for SEO and lead generation	0	0	0
An undeniable passion for marketing and the impact it can have on the growth of an organization when implemented and tracked effectively	0	0	0
Intellectually curious, highly motivated, and inspired overachiever	1	1	1
You’re not a lone wolf and relish feedback from users (from data and words)	0	0	0
Design and build predictive customer behavior models for targeting and personalization	0	0	0
The ideal candidate will have/be: PhD or Masters in a STEM field with Neuroscience exposure	0	0	0
Develop requirements and technical specifications documents for use by engineers	0	0	0
The Data Scientist possesses skills in programming, statistics, and scientific communication, such that he or she is capable of generating actionable insights from data and then conveying those insights to others in compelling graphical, numerical, and narrative forms.	0	0	0
Creative and energetic personality	1	1	1
As a Data Scientist at IBM, you will help transform our clients’ data into tangible business value by analyzing information, communicating outcomes and collaborating on product development.	0	0	0
The Microsoft Services Americas Data and AI business is looking for Data Scientists with Data/Advanced Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Data Platform, Business Intelligence, and Data Visualization knowledge and experiences who have a mix of strategic business acumen and hands on experience delivering business application solutions and business value to our customers, in the cloud and on-premise, in highly competitive and complex situations.	1	1	1
Use a flexible, analytical approach to design, develop, and evaluate predictive models and advanced algorithms that lead to optimal value extraction from the data	1	0	0
Lead as the technical expert on development projects across the full development life cycle to translate prototypes into new products, services, and features and provide guidelines for large-scale implementation.	0	0	0
Develops, deploys and/or upgrades analytical tools and processes	0	0	0
Creating intuitive and compelling graphics to visualize and think about data. Using descriptive statistics, machine learning, and other methods to learn about and derive insights from the patterns and relations within a dataset.	0	0	0
As a Principal Data Scientist at Clarity Insights, you will fully understand the requirements of our client and will be working with a variety of data sources which may include big data and utilize advanced Machine Learning techniques.	0	0	0
Forward thinker with the ability to creatively navigate and manage multiple tasks at once	1	1	1
Participate in cross-training and be flexible to perform varying roles whenever necessary	0	0	0
Provide quantitative comparisons of data points using advanced statistical analysis including data reduction techniques (PCA, cluste ring), resampling (permutation tests, Monte Carlo testing) as well as traditional statistical hypothesis testing Construct and validate predictive models using a variety of techniques	0	0	0
The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes	0	0	0
You make the quick, tough decisions needed to move forward effectively	1	1	1
A strong passion for video games and other interactive entertainment!	0	0	0
With great freedom to innovate, you will play a leading role in world-class research that will drive the future of Vanguard’s artificial intelligence and machine learning	1	1	1
Deep understanding of statistical modeling, machine learning, deep learning or data mining concepts, and a track record of solving problems with these methods Proven technical database knowledge (Oracle, NoSQL, data modeling) and experience optimizing SQL queries on large data Ability to write SQL fluently	0	0	0
Train users on the company overall, and then follow-up throughout the season to ensure the user is taking full advantage of all of the recommendations coming out of the service.	0	0	0
Characterized by productivity, creativity and organization skills	0	0	0
Ability to deal with competing priorities and multi-task while juggling a high volume of inquiries.	0	0	0
Proven ability to create media plans from concept and follow through to placement	0	0	0
We look for people who have bold new ideas, courage and a pioneering spirit to join forces to invent the future.	1	1	1
Do you want to work with fun, friendly, smart and driven people?	1	1	1
You would be working with great people in a fast paced, exciting start-up environment dealing with an established platform and backed by one of the world's largest investment groups.	1	1	1
Prepares fact-based, strategic and tactical cross functional performance metrics Identifies, analyzes and interprets trends and patterns in complex data sets	0	0	0
You are hungry and enjoy being constantly challenged to learn and do more	1	1	1
High energy / fast paced environment	1	1	1
Ensures the integrity of all data and analysis related to areas	0	0	0
Ability to identify ways to automate manual tasks using existing financial or tax systems and emerging technologies	0	0	0
Strong programming skills in C, C++ or JavaScript	0	0	0
The ideal candidate will be goal and action-oriented, analytical, highly organized, discerning and strategic.	0	0	0
Creative and self-motivated – continually seeks ways to improve self and company	1	1	1
Integral leader within the Advanced Analytics Center of Excellence; working with stakeholders from your division to develop new analytics solutions, identify new data useful for analytics projects, and support analytics best practices.	0	0	0
Experience with Natural Language Processing preferred. Experience with Recommender Systems preferred.	0	0	0
Build a new category of content from the ground up including the content roadmap, category research, and content production.	0	0	0
The Risk and Trust & Safety group is a small, high performing, multi-disciplinary team ranging from chargeback specialists and fraud analysts to data scientists and engineers, all working toward the common goal of keeping Eventbrite users safe.	0	0	0
Responsible for people development, resource management and enhancing overall productivity	0	0	0
Report insights and recommendations through visualizations, dashboards, and presentations.	0	0	0
Have a huge impact on the company by building a sophisticated and scalable operational process	0	0	0
This is an exciting opportunity for an intellectually curious, energetic consultant to work on a project with real impact helping our client develop ways to understand and improve performance of activities that support delivery of the mission.	1	1	1
One of our clients, a global technology company based in Arizona, is looking to hire a Data Scientist on a contract basis	0	0	0
Ownership of assigned tasks and monitoring them until completion, including documenting requirements, configuration, testing and debugging.	0	0	0
Recognize high performers to maintain motivation and retain key talent	0	0	0
That happens reliably even as we launch innovative features and expand into new markets across the world.	0	0	0
Research potential clients and assign leads to the relevant (regional) sales manager.</li>	0	0	0
The Data Scientist will have previous experience working with statistical and/or predictive model development and large-scale implementations of statistical methods to build decision support or recommender systems will enable you for this role.	0	0	0
Develop models for small and mid-tier financial institutions, processors, retailers and financial intermediaries with oversight by the Director of Data Science	0	0	0
Provides coaching to junior staff	0	0	0
As a Data Scientist in the Member Experience mission, you will help our team to understand the needs of our members, analyze how our users engage with our products, and design and evaluate experiments to test new product experiences.	0	0	0
Well organised with the ability to plan and deliver on tight deadlines with exceptional attention to detail	1	1	1
The ideal candidate must be able to act as a consultant to identify customer needs, understand the best path to solve these, explain/gather data requirements, deliver running data tests and work closely with the Sales personal to present results and final recommendation to clients.	0	0	0
Solid coding practices including good design documentation, unit testing, and integration testing	0	0	0
Solution-oriented with a positive attitude	0	0	0
have the ability to communicate effectively both with clients and colleagues alike	0	0	0
Ability to prioritize tasks, anticipate situations, and take quick action.	0	0	0
We are not dogmatic about specific methodologies - for any given problem, a Data Scientist may borrow tools from any variety of quantitative disciplines to drive the greatest impact.	0	0	0
We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware.	0	0	0
Are you interested in leveraging your analytical skills and strategic ideas to improve mission execution?	0	0	0
Make recommendations for future improvements on customer’s data estate to enable future work. Become a trusted advisor to the customer and enable their digital transformation.	0	0	0
Whether it’s investigating patient trends or weather patterns, you will work to solve real world problems for the industries transforming how we live.	0	0	0
You should have deep expertise in analyzing large, complex data sets from multiple domains.	0	0	0
You have the ability to develop a deep understanding of the needs of Bluebridge buyers and influencers, draw valuable insights from a variety of sources and effectively communicate those insights to others	0	0	0
A team player, excellent communication and collaboration skills	0	0	0
Deliver projects to support client needs in a timely and professional manner. Manipulate large relational databases in MySQL and other versions. Conduct text analytics on large sets of unstructured text. Build conceptual and statistical models for data derivation and present findings and research as requested at conferences.	0	0	0
Bars, restaurants, products and more - never be stuck for a great place to go again.	0	0	0
Are you a talented, data-focused individual with a heavy mathematical and statistical background?	0	0	0
The ideal candidate for this position is the kind of person who is willing to go the extra mile to make sure the job gets done and can meet strict project deadlines.	1	1	1
Ability and desire to learn new technologies as mutually defined	1	1	1
Demonstrate ability to operate both strategically and tacticallyMust possess excellent business judgment, strong written and oral communication skillsExperience processing, filtering and presenting large quantities of data #LI-TS2	0	0	0
You will be working with a dynamic team of Innovators, AI engineers and data scientists that are at the forefront of AI/ML application for the company	1	1	1
This is the team that builds Taboola Newsroom, an innovating editorial tool powered by Taboola’s predictive engine and massive data set of over 1B internet users.	0	0	0
Are you interested in working for a boutique firm who sees its employees as more than just a number?	0	0	0
Ability to proactively identify problems and offer solutions	0	0	0
Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with experience exercising mature judgment	0	0	0
strong work ethic, collaborative, positive outlook, reliable, excellent written and verbal communication, self-motivated, organized, detail oriented, analytical, problem-solver, leader, curious	0	1	0
You will help us build our campaigns, strategies, and marketing programs.	0	0	0
We refuse to think inside the box.	1	1	1
Develop enterprise-class predictive models for clients in the finance, retail and telecommunications industries utilizing a variety of statistical, machine learning, pattern recognition, and artificial intelligence algorithms, including neural networks, decision trees, logistic regression, clustering and others	0	0	0
7 - 10 years of experience in related field preferred	1	1	1
Strong attention to detail and organization	1	1	1
Self-motivated, fast learner and analytical thinker	1	1	1
Apply knowledge of statistics, machine learning, programming, data modeling, simulation, and advanced mathematics to recognize patterns, identify opportunities, pose business questions, and make valuable discoveries leading to prototype development and product improvement	0	0	0
At least 7 years of experience in Data Science, knowledge of R or Python and its Data Science libraries	0	0	0
Strong analytical skills with an attention to detail and accuracy	1	1	1
Able to multi-task and stay organized in a dynamic environment. Able to work with a diverse team. Excellent problem-solving and troubleshooting skills.	1	1	1
Two years of experience in software development	1	0	1
Priority-Minded - ability to stay focused, identifying and executing on only the most important issues	1	1	1
We are looking for an ambitious, self-motivated data scientist or data engineer who will help us discover the information hidden in vast amounts of data,	0	0	0
Enthusiasm for all things startup - desire to get out there to events, make connections and really understand where we fit in with other businesses and can add value.	0	0	0
You can’t help but prepare a systematic plan to achieve the vision	0	0	0
Ability to thrive and demonstrate constant applied learning in highly complex, interdisciplinary, and dynamic work environment	1	1	1
If you are a Senior Data Scientist with at least 7 years of professional experience, please read on!	0	0	0
To succeed in this position; a candidate should be curious, creative and tech savvy	1	1	1
Our employees have incredible opportunities to work on revolutionary systems in air and space that impact lives around the world today, and for generations to come.	0	0	0
Keen to make a difference (learn new things - google analytics, media etc)	1	1	1
Recommend and introduce new methods where relevant Resource planning	0	0	0
Smart, energetic and ready to make your mark in a best in class enterprise software company? Join our herd!	1	1	1
The ideal candidate is adept at analyzing large data sets to find opportunities for Product and Process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of various courses of action	0	0	0
Develop sophisticated advanced analytics models; including creating, validating, analyzing and explaining the data used for model development.	0	0	0
Fast growing, with continual new challenges	1	1	1
You will be supporting the needs of our delivery clients from engagement, billing, order tracking, follow up and promotions	0	0	0
You will be working at our Malvern Campus, focusing on researching and developing leading-edge analytics enabled solutions for our AI based financial Advice platform; including applying smart algorithms, machine learning, artificial intelligence, and cloud technologies	0	0	0
Adaptable - ability to know when and how to act quickly to proactively solve problems	1	1	1
Solid media relations skills with the ability to develop creative story angles and secure coverage in print, broadcast and online media outlets	1	1	1
Must be self-driven, curious and creative	0	1	0
An interest in building ground breaking technology	0	0	0
Good interpersonal skills, self-motivated, dynamic and can-do attitude	1	1	1
You'll own aspects of the data creation and management, data pre-processing, modeling and inference considerations	0	0	0
